# CPS1011 Assignment

Welcome to the main repository for the CPS1011 project. This repository contains the following subdirectories:

- Task1: contains the files for task 1 of the project.
- Task2: contains the files for task 2 of the project.
- cmake-build-debug/CMakeFiles: contains files generated by CMake.

## Task 1

This directory contains the files for task 1 of the project. It includes:

- c-make-build-debug: contains files generated by CMake.
- CMakeList.txt: the CMake configuration file for this task.
- Proj_task1q3_menu.c: the main file to be run for this task.
- matrix.h: the header file for matrix operations.
- palindrome.h: the header file for palindrome operations.

## Task 2

This directory contains the files for task 2 of the project. It includes:

- c-make-build-debug: contains files generated by CMake.
- CMakeList.txt: the CMake configuration file for this task.
- MixedStack.c: the implementation file for the mixed stack data structure.
- MixedStack_t.h: the header file for the mixed stack typedef and functions.
- libmixed_stack.so: the shared object library for the mixed stack.
- test_driver: the executable program for testing the mixed stack.
- test_driver.c: the main file for testing the mixed stack.

## Cloning the Repository

To clone this repository to your local machine, use the following command:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/AFLucas-UOM/CPS1011-Assignment
```

## About

This project was developed as part of an academic assignment. Unit: `CPS1011` at the `University of Malta`.
